So we learn that whenever we're working with the less variable inside of loops every time we do a loop
or an iteration of a loop copy of a value gets stored in each variable gets its own copy every time
the loop runs.
Like I said before this is specification specific to let being working with loops and is not a part
of the non hoisting characteristics of the variable.
With that being said this whole specification or behavior also applies to the different for loops the
four in in the form of loops so if we do for example in another array and we'll do a cons this time
empty array and then we'll do an object and we'll just call it over Ejay equals and we don't have to
do anything too crazy so just do a equals random text and then B equals true and then C is false like
so then if I loop through this we'll do let's say for and then Lekhi in Bob J.
And inside of your all iminent do is take the Funk's array and push on a function for every one of them.
And inside of here I'm just going to cancel that log the key.
And then after that we'll go ahead and do our For Each loop just like before.
Then we'll do fun stuff for each and business as usual.
You should be getting pretty used to this at this point.
And then we'll just invoke the function like so and then whenever I printed out it prints out every
single key in the object.
So once again every single variable stores its own reference its own unique reference to every single
value.
And this also applies to four of loops.